# maccth diary
- 10/02/18: Nothing too important to report. I found a team. Nice people. Douglas, a halfling bard, from the realm of Hurstpoint. I must say, he baffles me. He spends his time singing, and wandering the land. He does walk in a funny way. Feet angled like a sextant. Probably because he wanders too much. He left us early. He said he had some business to clear up. Probably some dark stuff he doesn't want to tell us about. I'll watch him closely. But you see, you can always trust a man with angled flappers. That's one thing my father taught me. The other, a gnome from the Brocken. He speaks fast and generally holds a confused face. He seems to have good intentions. He said he's off on a big trip to Amerika if he makes it out of this alive. We probably won't. We camped out at his hut in the old fort of general H. Ammersmith and delegated tasks. Team moral is on a high. I'll keep an eye on the bard, but trust the gnome.

- 11/02/18: The gnome and I trekked to the safe haven of South Kensingbert. We spent the morning planning. We generally worked alone, and I guess we will continue to do so for the next three or so weeks. A good tactic is to spend the first three weeks of war fighting alone. No sign of the bard. He also did some planning, and had it sent by Gittad, a pigeon we have invested in. The bard's planning generally looks quite similar to what the gnome produced. Interesting, right? In the afternoon, the gnome went to see Heimdall and Magsonian. No one is sure how useful Heimdall ever is, but I trust the gnome is working towards the betterment of our chances as a group in the war to come.

- 12/02/18: The war started yesterday. Horrendous. Absolutely horrendous. I was working on getting the literal parsing cannons up and running to fire at the flexible second operands. I was surrounded on all sides. flexOp2s everywhere. Can you imagine the scenes. I was knocked out by an ADDSEQ and taken into the enemy camp. Luckily, and by some tremendously large miracle, my unconscious body made the wise decision to grab a (then not working) literal parsing cannon. So when I regained consciousness in small cage deep inside the flexOp2 camp, I had this wonderful cannon with me. Silly little flexOp2s. The worst part was that this all happened right in front of the gnome, who did very little to help. In fact, as the whole shit show was unfolding, he pulled down his trouser  and just waved his recursive active pattern in my face. I decided that my best chance of getting out of the flexOp2 camp would be to get the cannon working. Lo and behold the bard turns up! He suggests that instead of working on the cannon we should go the cinema and figure out how to get out of here another day. That is one thing I must say about the flexOp2s, they do treat their prisoners of war well.

- 13/02/18: I ask the bard how he got here. He said that he just couldn’t be bothered to do anything, so when the flexOp2s ambushed him, he just decided that it was in the interest of his cultural knowledge of the land to go the flexOp2 camp. It was a part of the land he had never been to. I started to get the feeling that the bard has had a very sheltered life thus far. He enjoyed the film. I had already seen it. We ate turtles for dinner and went to bed.

- 14/02/18: Deep in the enemy camp, I woke up. No bard. Just me and the broken cannon. I got to work immediately. Within a few hours I had a working monad cannon. Hmmmm. Wasn’t this supposed to be an active pattern cannon? I thought so too. But here I was. In the middle of the enemy camp. Beggars can’t be choosers. I pressed on.  I wonder where the hell the bard has gone? No matter. I began sneaking around. I don’t know how it got to that stage. I stood there, face to face with an ADD. The hexadecimal literal glared at my monad cannon. We all appreciated the distance lack of optional values. The air was thick. The tension was very raw and very real. The kind of tension you cut though an anonymous function. The ADD knew I only had a monad cannon. He lit a cohiba cigar, smiling mercilessly at me. We made eye contact. For a moment we could see deep into each other’s soul. He hadn’t always been an ADD instruction. He grew up in Portland, Oregon with a loving family. But then he went off the rails. Started hanging around with the wrong crowd. Hell I think if I asked he would let me go. I wonder what he saw in me. I knew I had to go for it. Suddenly, as all hope began to fade from the world, and all colour began to dry up we both began pattern matching as fast possible. He dodged my first move, went straight for the don’t care, and vanished. Poor old lad. Laid before me was a choice. I could carry on my escape out of the flexOp2 camp, or, I could Barry’s body back to Portland, Oregon. I decided I should sleep on the decision, I went back to my cage and slept.